
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In Supervised learning, you train the machine using data which is  well "labeled. Supervised
learning model takes direct feedback to check if it is predicting correct output or not.

Types of supervise learning


1> Regression: This type can be used when the output variable is a real or continuous value. 
For example, salary based on work experience, or weight based on height, etc.

2>Classification: 
To find whether an email received is a spam or ham
To identify customer segments
To find if a bank loan is granted
To identify if a kid will pass or fail in an examination
  

3>Decision Tree: find out if a person is fit or not. Based on a series of test conditions,

4>Random Forest :  A random forest, is making a bunch of decision trees, and consulting 
all of them at once to make your decision.  Let's say you had to make a big life decision, and you
 knew it came down to some factors: Health, happiness, finances, philosophy
And different factors have different importance

5>Naive Bayes :  assumes that the presence of a particular feature in a class is unrelated to 
the presence of any other feature. For example, a fruit may be considered to be an
 apple if it is red, round, and about 3 inches in diameter. aa

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
UnSupervised learning mainly deals with the unlabelled data. 
Unsupervised learning means there is no training phase where we feed labelled data to the learning algorithm in order to train the model. 
Instead the algorithm has to figure out things by itself.

Two types of unsupervised learning are Clustering and Association.

Clustering algorithms groups data into clusters based on similar patterns. An example, if you feed a large number of pictures of various animals, 
the clustering algorithm will group them into various clusters such as cats, dogs etc.

Association algorithms identity relationships between variables. A frequently quoted example is that if we feed sales data, it can identify 
patterns such as the people who bought item X has a probability of p% for buying item Y too.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------
1>The artificial human brain is designed and programmed so that it can perform many complex problems in just a fraction of seconds- 
this connection of multiple artificial neurons is known as Neural Networks.

2>The main motive is to impersonate the functionalities of a human brain. 

3>Neural Nets (NN) are an ML technique. They are layered structures. Their first
layer is where the inputs are applied. The final layer is where the computed 
outputs are made available. The layers that reside between the input and output layers are called the hidden (neuron) layers as they are not
directly connected to the outside world.
NNs having a single or no hidden layer are called Shallow NNs

4>A neural net is said to learn supervised, if the desired output is already known.
While learning, one of the input patterns is given to the net's input layer
Neural nets that learn unsupervised have no such target outputs. 
It can't be determined what the result of the learning process will look like.

5>Training a Neural Network, 
Lets train our network to predict someonegender given their weight and height:
3 things are happening here. First, each input is multiplied 
by a weight.  Next, all the weighted inputs are added together with a bias bb
Finally, the sum is passed through an activation function:

6>The activation function is used to turn an unbounded input into an output that has a nice, predictable form. A commonly
 used activation function is the sigmoid function: 
A sigmoid function is a type of activation function, and more specifically defined 
as a squashing function, which limits the output to a range between 0 and 1.

7)TensorFlow is a machine learning / deep learning / multilayer neural network 
library from Google. Libraries using data flow graphs can be used to describe 
complex networks in an easy-to-understand manner. With high versatility, 
it can be used from the research level to real products.
By using this neural network, machines can perform logical thinking and 
learning similar to humans


